[Music]
a one-minute Japanese technique to make
your eyes look younger the eyes may be
the windows to the soul but they're also
the first place your real age starts
showing luckily there's a Japanese
massage technique called shiatsu that
can give you the youthful eyes of your
dreams
what's better it'll only take you a
minute to do just don't forget to hit
that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side and here we go exercise
number one lift sagging brows if gravity
has brought your brows a little more
South than you'd like then this exercise
is a must here your main pressure area
is the inner and outer ends and the
middle of your eyebrows start by placing
your index ring and middle fingers on
these spots respectively using medium
pressure push your brows back up to
where they belong keep doing that for
about seven seconds and you're ready to
move on exercise number two get rid of
crow's feet the worst thing about those
little wrinkles on the outer corners of
your eyes
also known as crow's feet is that it's
not that easy to get rid of them well
the shiatsu massage has you covered here
too to see the quick results for
yourself place your index fingers on the
outer corners of your eyes warm this
area up a bit press and release you can
also pull the muscles towards your
temples ever so slightly without taking
your fingers off just make sure that
it's the muscles and not your skin that
you're pulling don't forget to repeat
this exercise three times for three
seconds each exercise number three
reduce puffiness puffiness around the
eyes is another major problem that can
make you look way older than you
actually are to reduce this swelling
place your index fingers on the area
between the inner corners of your eyes
and the bridge of your nose from there
make perpendicular movements be careful
not to stretch or move your skin this
can lead to more wrinkles to finish the
exercise make a fork with your middle
and end
fingers and press both the outer and
inner corners of your eyes
simultaneously again do this three times
for three seconds each and say goodbye
do I puff enos or good exercise number
four remove wrinkles between your brows
going back to the eyebrows how about we
get rid of the wrinkles that form in
between them when you furrow your brow a
little too often to do that put your
index middle and ring fingers together
between your brows on the area that's
also known as the third eye press the
spot for about five to seven seconds
repeating the same thing one more time
will be enough to fade any wrinkles you
might have there exercise number five
rejuvenate under the eyes the final
exercise of the shiatsu massage focuses
on the under eye area making it look
tighter and more youthful the steps are
simple just put your index middle and
ring fingers on the bone under your eyes
and press lightly for 10 seconds
repeating this exercise two times will
do the trick
and there you go you can now keep your
face looking young and fresh at all
times you can do these exercises
separately depending on your most
troublesome areas or perform them all to
complete the shiatsu technique and get
the best results the key is to do it
regularly and never skip this part of
your self-care routine now that you know
how to do the shiatsu massage it's time
to find out what it's all about
the name shiatsu comes from two Japanese
words she meaning finger and Otsu
meaning pressure so the name says it all
this massage actually originated from an
MA the Japanese style of massage that
dates back to 13 2002 was based on a
deep understanding of anatomy the
secrets of Tibetan medicine and the
ideas of traditional Japanese medicine
plus this simple but highly effective
method has been officially recognized by
the country's medical authority and
widely accepted among Japanese people
it's still used often in Japan
especially in the cosmetology sphere and
if you don't believe me just look at the
techniques creators proof toe Poochie
Rona mikoshi
who founded a shiatsu College in the
1940s lived to the age of 95 and looked
way younger than he really was pretty
much his whole life but how exactly do
these simple pressure exercises work
well it's no secret that there are
certain spots on your face and body that
when pressed not only speed up the
metabolism in our tissues but also help
our blood and lymphatic fluids circulate
better shiatsu deals with just that to
put it short this one minute massage
kick starts the body's natural
rejuvenation process quickly erasing any
visible signs of tiredness and aging
generally speaking this eye massage
works in several ways it strengthens the
facial muscles it effectively smoothes
out any wrinkles you might have it
increases the skin's elasticity
given that it stimulates the production
of collagen and elastin both of which
are crucial for the skin and finally it
stabilizes oil production so if you have
naturally oily skin shiatsu will
certainly be great for you however it's
worth mentioning that there are all
different kinds of shiatsu massages
including body and face massages these
types of complex massage techniques
should be done by a professional
practitioner who knows exactly how to
perform them correctly you see there's a
fundamental concept in Japanese medicine
called Chi Chi is basically your vital
body energy that takes care of your
systems functioning it flows in specific
pathways called meridians shiatsu
followers believe that the imbalance of
Chi in a certain area is the root of all
problems it may start like a simple cold
and then when left untreated turn into
serious muscle pain or frequent
headaches so the task of a shiatsu
practitioner is to access the Chi by
putting pressure on vital points of your
body find the blockages and imbalances
that are causing your health problems
and restore the energy flow back to
normal
this helps stabilize the system and
allows a patient to fully relax both
physically and mint
thanks to such a deep level of
relaxation shiatsu therapy is well known
for relieving stress and anxiety and
doing a lot of good for a person's
well-being even more so it's believed to
treat a variety of conditions including
headaches digestive disorders joint pain
and insomnia some practitioners also
prefer to complete shiatsu sessions with
certain physical exercises meditation or
a dietary therapy to make the practice
even more effective and that's pretty
much everything you need to know about
shiatsu before making it a part of your
regular self-care routine the only rule
you have to follow is to apply pressure
with medium intensity so that you feel
only slight discomfort make sure to do
this one minute I massage regimen at
least two to three times a week and
you'll definitely like what you see in
the mirror do you know any other quick
and effective exercises or techniques to
look younger tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click Subscribe always stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]